the first car you should definitely get
for this update is to our mokuba
remember how people would take this and
turn those who drive backwards because
the back is bulletproof the kuruma is
kind of like that except that works on
all sides so that look that literally
makes it the best vehicle you could
possibly take on any mission in the game
the best personal vehicle you can take
on missions like whatsoever it does not
matter at all I don't care what vehicles
you bring up you just can't compete with
that you could take this car or driver
to a mission on Hard difficulty with all
the bots around all these crazy weapons
and they can kill you in sight this car
because to like the car is basically
invincible against them and since this
car is a Ford or you could actually have
your full high screw sitting inside this
car so if you want to past missions are
hard difficulty like set of missions at
least because those are the only
missions where you can actually use your
personal vehicles the best for the past
80 missions like that where you can
forego crew together is to have them all
get inside your car or you could just
have to get inside their own crew room
with and any boss started a shoe you
will die instantly if you want them to
try to keep in mind that there's two
crew members in this game there's two
armored Karuma and then there's the one
that has no armor when they get down
armored one because I think they both
have the same top speed anyways so the
one - my armor is gone faster also if
you upgrade the armor Karuma it'll go
extremely fascinating I trust me it's a
very very fast car even though it's
armored it's so fast that if you drop
into police roadblocks they hit the cars
right in the trumps and sensitive lines
the funniest thing you'll ever see
if you're looking for choppers but you
don't want to drop a buzzard because you
want something better you should
definitely get the Savage this is why
you shouldn't want to get the Savage
yep your eyes are not fooling you this
thing kachou rockets infinitely it never
runs out and it never stopped three
loads like instantly makes it one of the
best vehicles that you could ever bring
on inhibition that has to do with kills
because you're gonna round the kills I'm
so seriously gonna clear any wish that
you bring this a little coffee to in
about no time and there's no vehicle in
this game that cashier out that started
to raise over Contador's it never stops
and never runs out I mean all the other
vehicles have infinite rockers too in
this sense but they all stopped you
alone except for this way this way it
just keeps your Rockets non-stop
whenever it'll never ever stop it stops
when you stop if you're any good with
fighter jets keep in mind that this
helicopter also has the exact same chain
when the Astros fighter jets and you
guys know exactly what that chain going
to do it'll blow vehicles on contact and
will kill people instantly efficient
anywhere any of them it's one of the
most overpowered weapons in the entire
game and this helicopter has it if you
ever wished that you could get a fighter
jet from Pegasus you need to get a Hydra
the hiker is just like the other engines
except they could actually offer a one
spot it has all the same guns
and you could absolutely call it from
Pegasus whenever you want to after you
buy it which means you could actually
call a fighter jet during missions which
is the first time you've ever been able
to do that anyway if you want a fast
vehicle that could survive rockets and
sticky bombs you have to get to have me
insurgent I'm talking about the one -
the gun on top because not on us but it
the gun on top does not need to be
reloaded and it's actually very strong
which is forever
you can kill players in like one shot I
think and the stores because easily even
if you're by yourself you can still get
on the gonna see if you hold the
triangle button and if you're in the
gutter so you can actually switch from
the gutter to the passenger seat just
like a battlefield it's worth pointing
out the different riding in the back or
using the gun and get hit by a rocket
you're not going to die of a truck do
not explode this vehicle is actually a
great way to make friends too because I
mean I just made a new one right now I
mean we're usually habitus I'm driving
around in packs aboard some guy pulls up
next to be a lot of get in and then I go
on the possible then we drive around and
have some food it does not make more
fresh because of that person's friend if
you have a full crew inside this truck
because it's a so yeah you should
definitely get this if you like fun